1. Which do you prefer, summer or winter?

Umm I personally would prefer the spring, as it is some where in between summer and winter, its neither too hot nor too cold.
It is perfect for good pictures and has perfect ah no sufficient sunshine.
We would be able to do most of the activities from both summer and winter.


Back in my country, the summer is too hot and the winter is too cold and it is the same I noticed have been noticing in London as well.


2. What is the scariest movie you’ve ever seen?

So well uh it was a documentary on sea life. About fish and sharks and all other sea creatures.
I I um it was too real and the it was too much of a jump scare when the shark came to eat the fish.
You were able to see every detail of the whole eating process.
And that is what made me unable to eat fish.

for the rest of my life.


3. What do you think about Santa Claus?

Like very kid I truly believed in Santa Claus and how magically he appears and gives me and my sibling gifts.
But as I grew older and things actually started to make sense. I saw my parents and sometimes grandparents trying to hid the presents near the Christmas tree.
Same theory for tooth fairy. There was no such thing as Santa or tooth fairy. It was really disappointing.

  I really wanted to meet them in person, like the really them and not random people dressed up like them.


4. What food would be at your ideal picnic?

Homemade sandwiches, fruit punch in a picnic basket with the red checked blanket to sit on, in a park with a pond or a lake
with light sunshine and gentle breeze, would be my kind of perfect picnic.
A book to accompany you would do great.

A book to accompany you if you are alone or else if you have erm someone um some company with you painting or sketching
would be the perfect activity to do after the hearty lunch at the park.


5. Should you eat pizza with your hands or with a fork and knife?

There is no such thing to do um it depends from situation to situation and person to person.
I personally prefer to eat with a knife and fork if I am in a very formal setting otherwise its always eating with your hands.


Also well if you are with a new acquaintance then you might want to wait an d see how they eat it and you can just follow them,
just to be sure, if you are not that confident about your way of eating or just want to avoid making a decision.


6. Whitewater rafting, hiking, or skiing?

Ah I think I would go with skiing. It sounds fun and cold. It involves snow and skating that I love.
And and I don't think falling down while skiing would hurt a lot uh but I did hear you can get frost bites which are really bad.



I uh I would just love to try skiing it also sounds like a safer option compared to the other two where you can get hurt or worst case die.
